DOC-2130 feat(spark): read from tigergraph to Spark; (#503)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/data-loading/pages/load-from-spark-dataframe.adoc

> This connector has multiple optimisations and is backward compatible with TigerGraph v3.6.0+. Although, the job level loading statistics is only available for v3.10.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector has multiple optimizations and is backward compatible with TigerGraph v3.6.0+.

* Job level loading statistics is available in v3.10+.
* Support for reading data into Spark from TigerGraph is available in v4.1+.
```

include::partial$spark/jdbc-deprecation.adoc[]

> == Prerequisite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Prerequisites
```
